Fix different dimensions error  / Checkpointing issue #158 (#344)
precice/openfoam-adapter: changelog-entries/344.md

> - Fixed a bug where a field was checkpointed, but doesn't exist anymore in OpenFOAM registry, causing a crash when reloading last timestep into OpenFOAM [#344](https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter/pull/344)
> - Added new function 'pruneCheckpointedFields()' which is called before readCheckpoint().

Reviewer: This is not a user-facing change, we can remove it from the changelog:

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where a field was checkpointed, but doesn't exist anymore in OpenFOAM registry, causing a crash when reloading last timestep into OpenFOAM. This is done by pruning checkpointed fields that do not (anymore) appear in the registry of objects at that timestep before reading the checkpoint. [#344](https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter/pull/344)
```
